Let Jiang Mian die.
Which of you is harmful to others?
Miss Shen, you misunderstood.
My nephew, since his parents died in a car accident,
I have been in poor health.
I want you to take good care of him until he dies.
Jiang Mian usually comes into contact with relatively few people.
There are also dedicated people taking care of food and clothing.
Even those of us are hard to get close to.
I think only you, the new lady, can join the front line.
My nephew has suffered a lot since he was a child.
If only you were there to serve me
The aura that makes him disease-free and pain-free
It's also a blessing for him
Do you understand what I said?
It turned out that he wanted to borrow a knife to kill someone.
That's it
I understand. Bring it.
What are you getting? Medicine?
At this time
Shouldn't you just come up with some colorless and odorless medicine?
Do you want me to add it to what Jiang Ming eats?
we are not prepared
If outsiders find out that we bought these things
But we can't escape the relationship.
Ask me to take medicine again
Let me buy medicine again
Just give me this little money to make things difficult for you.
What did Jiang Mian say?
Also my husband
In this regard
Wait until I inherit the Jiang family's property
at that time
Hey, this, this, this
Stop painting cakes. I won’t listen.
How dare you be sure
Jiang Mian is gone
Jiang family's family business
It will definitely fall on your head.
The richest man, Mr. Jiang, is in good health, right? Also
The Jiang family also has a second uncle, right?
He cannot inherit it
So I just said
For career planning
None of you are big enough
Not systematic enough
Let me analyze you
Things like robbing family property
It's actually a technology
First you have to do this
Is there something wrong with you?
Would you like to switch to your morning run as normal?
Why did he let it go?
Teach others how to increase production